1.	We will only look at this project from the beginning of Y2021.

2.	Amy has provided a FVA curve, but we will re-visit if your business case is still valid in Y2021 or do you want to something else.

3.	Ben Davis seems to want to include a trading tool, such that, when a customer sends in a RFQ, the following information will be displayed: 
a.	All static data about the bond, e.g. issuer, coupon
b.	Everything about the customer, e.g. the last time the customer was looking at, call report (need to check with compliance on this)
c.	Bloomberg, all the BVAL, all the ALLQ (04:15) prices, and link to that particular ISIN.
He needs these information, almost real time, from data sources like Murex, Bloomberg, AXETrading, etc.
4.	We are unsure which dashboard tool to use (Tableau might be too slow). This is something that we want to explore with the wider group.

5.	Jacky wants to know is there is any other desks that require (near) real time data, which can be things like:
a.	PnL, which can be a little difficult for more structured products.
b.	Market rate / implied rates, which need to be taken and calculated from real time Bloomberg feeds.
Eddie is going to reach out to different desks to see if they have such needs in the next 1-3 years.
6.	For PnL, the desk can estimate from Murex, but they don’t run often because it takes time.

For market data, rates are not as simple and fast as equities and futures. Even for IRS, they need to do an IRS on Bloomberg, i.e. do a certain trade and wait for banks to come back, so it is slower. Right now, they pull out things from various sources like Bloomberg, Reuters, and then do their own interpolation.

7.	For dashboards, the desk needs more Sales side. In terms of data, it is not as easily available, because some things are not booked inside Murex. Tallying it would be slower.

Legal has this project with T&M trying to put in legal docs, but right now, when the desk asks which swaps are on Master Agreement, it is not easily available.

8.	For purged Murex data, if the desk wants to restore the data, they need to ask Ops.

Eddie will check with Andrew Tan on the TDAP data, on whether they are able to view historical transaction.

9.	Other than interest rate swaps which the desk intends to put in through the digital channels, there is no intention to move to a platform that enables quant trading in the next 3 years.

The desk only put it in a project to do things like IRS, aggregation / hedging, but it is nowhere near actual Algo / quant trading.

10.	For other desks, we will run a POC using their individual business case, and then see the speed test and latency.

If the desk has any needs for near real-time, they can reach out to Eddie.

